RTIR - handle '409 Syntax Error' (#38777)
demisto/content: Packs/RTIR/ReleaseNotes/1_0_24.md

#### Integrations

##### RTIR

> - Updated the **RTIR** integration to handle '409 Syntax Error' the **rtir-create-ticket** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the `rtir-create-ticket` command did not raise an error when the ticket was not created due to a syntax error.
```
